---
layout: post
title:  Angular 2.0
date:   2016-05-15 13:12:13
categories: MEAN Angular
permalink: /records/angular
---

Over the weekend I wanted to focus on Angular as the Release Candidate was released at the beginning of the month.

I have a Lynda.com subscription and so I used that for the two lessons that have on Angular 2

* [Learn AngularJS 2: The Basics](https://www.lynda.com/AngularJS-tutorials/Learn-AngularJS-2-Basics/428058-2.html?srchtrk=index:1%0Alinktypeid:2%0Aq:angular%2B2%0Apage:1%0As:relevance%0Asa:true%0Aproducttypeid:2)
* [AngularJS 2 Essential Training](https://www.lynda.com/AngularJS-tutorials/AngularJS-2-Essential-Training/422834-2.html?srchtrk=index:1%0Alinktypeid:2%0Aq:angular%2B2%0Apage:1%0As:relevance%0Asa:true%0Aproducttypeid:2)

Last summer I attempted to dive into the MEAN stack and got distracted once I began my full time internship and also trying to study for the CPA exam at the same time. Now that I have a full time Software Developer job, I have diverged enough from my accounting degree to stay in the technology field. I work on the .NET stack at work mainly with windows services as console applications. I still have that itch to learn the MEAN stack.

With word on Angular 2 going to release candidate, it got my intrigued and I have enough spare time to chunk away at a good amount every week. At first I'm going to focus on Angular and Firebase as they are both part of the Google ecosystem and it can prop up an application really quickly.

Right now I have an idea of what I want to work towards which will build on top of my experience when I worked at Outback Steakhouse as a server. So I want to try and build a POS(Point of Sale) application.

Once I have that figured out, try to integrate with electron and use the mobile system of Angular.

Over the next week I plan on sketching out the system and then building the initial login screen using a number pad to log in.
